adding documentation updates for missing methods (#24)
apsislabs/phi_attrs: README.md

    $ gem install phi_attrs

## Initialize

Create an initializer to configure the PHI log file location. Example:

 `config/initializers/phi_attrs.rb`

```ruby
PhiAttrs.configure do |conf|

>   conf.log_path = Rails.root.join("log", "phi_access_#{Rails.env}.log")

Reviewer: :+1: are there other configurable features?

As of version `0.1.5`, a block syntax is available. As above, this is available on both class and instance levels.

> Note the lack of a `!` at the end. These methods don't necessarily get along well with the mutating (bang) methods!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the lack of a `!` at the end. These methods should not be used alongside the mutating (bang) methods! We recommend using the block syntax whenever possible.
```

```ruby
PatientInfo.allow_phi('allowed_user@example.com', 'Display Customer Data') do
  @data = PatientInfo.find(params[:id]).to_json
end # Access no longer allowed beyond this point
```
### Controlling What is PHI

When you include `phi_model` on your active record all fields except the id will be considered PHI.

To remove fields from PHI tracking use `exclude_from_phi`:

```ruby
# created_at and updated_at will be accessible as normal
class PatientInfo < ActiveRecord::Base
  phi_model

  exclude_from_phi :created_at, :updated_at
end
```

To add a method as PHI use `include_in_phi`. Include takes precedence over exclude so a method that appears in both will be considered PHI.

```ruby
# birthday and node will throw PHIExceptions if accessed without permission
class PatientInfo < ActiveRecord::Base
  phi_model

  include_in_phi :birthday, :note

  def birthday
    Time.current
  end

  attr_accessor :note
end

> ```

Reviewer: I recommend you add an example of before/after here. Something like:

```
class PatientInfo < ActiveRecord::Base
  phi_model
end

pi = PatientInfo.new(first_name: "Ash", last_name: "Ketchum")
pi.created_at
# PHIAccessException!
pi.last_name
# PHIAccessException!
pi.allow_phi "Ash", "Testing PHI Attrs" { pi.last_name }
# "Ketchum"

class PatientInfoTwo < PatientInfo
  exclude_from_phi :created_at
end

pi = PatientInfo.new(first_name: "Ash", last_name: "Ketchum")
pi.created_at
# current time
pi.last_name
# PHIAccessException!
pi.allow_phi "Ash", "Testing PHI Attrs" { pi.last_name }
# "Ketchum"

class PatientInfoThree < PatientInfoTwo
  include_in_phi :created_at #Changed our mind
end

pi = PatientInfo.new(first_name: "Ash", last_name: "Ketchum")
pi.created_at
# PHIAccessException!
pi.last_name
# PHIAccessException!
pi.allow_phi "Ash", "Testing PHI Attrs" { pi.last_name }
# "Ketchum"
```

**NOTE:** This is not intended to be used on all relationships! Only those where you intend to grant implicit access based on access to another model. In this use case, we assume that allowed access to `Patient` implies allowed access to `PatientInfo`, and therefore does not require an additional `allow_phi!` check. There are no guaranteed safeguards against circular `extend_phi_access` calls!

### Check If PHI Access is allowed

To check if PHI is allowed for a particular instance of a class call `phi_allowed?`.

```ruby
patient = Patient.new
patient.phi_allowed? # => false

patient.allow_phi('user@example.com', 'reason') do
  patient.phi_allowed? # => true
end

patient.phi_allowed? # => false

patient.allow_phi!('user@example.com', 'reason')
patient.phi_allowed? # => true
```

This also works if access was granted at the class level

```ruby
patient = Patient.new
patient.phi_allowed? # => false
Patient.allow_phi!('user@example.com', 'reason')
patient.phi_allowed? # => true
```

> There is currently no class level equivalent for `phi_allowed?`.

Reviewer: This would be stupidly easy to implement.

Author: Yes there is a task for it.
